Please kill it
With filial piety
Tiger Lord, this person hurt my wife
After breaking up my Jiang family
If this revenge is not avenged
How can my Jiang family still stand on the family tree?
What do my brothers think of me?
Hey, that's right.
Nonsense, he said our four major gangs
It's all trash that can't be on the table
Our four gangs
When have you suffered such humiliation?
Tiger Lord, this kid is still slandering you
So bold
And so I left.
Tiger, where is your might?
Where does the biochemistry of our Heaven and Earth Alliance exist?
That's right, please give the order
General kill
Thousands of knives
Ah speechless
How dare you
Wang Xiaohu
The mess here today
If you don't clean me up
You stick to my tiger king's position
Don't sit down, Master Zhangye has already come
How dare you say that?
You don't want to die, your tiger master is already angry
You really slap the president
Wang Xiaohu on your left
Another Wang Xiaohu
Do you not want to live?
Tiger Lord
court death
Wang Xiaohu ranks all brothers
Meet big brother